jinghuan a three-month-old female
abandoned by her mother after only a few
days she is being hand-reared
pandas have twins 50% at the time but
choose only to keep the strongest it's
nature's survival of the fittest
[Music]
meanwhile wasn't chosen by her mum so
the nannies go out of their way to spoil
her rotten
she is already outgrown her incubator
and is piling on the pounds puppy fat on
a baby panda is good at 11 pounds
jung-hwa is filling out well
you need to know your pandas growing
probably so everything is weighed and
measured their robust at this age and a
little bang it's all part of the fun
when baby mammals are hand reared you
have to do everything that mum does and
that includes encouraging them to weave
in the wild they can't do this on their
own so mum helps when digging their
behind
it's happing Ling Hwa's backend is the
next best option and simulates what
panda mums do with their tongue to
encourage going to the toilet
[Music]
this will need to be done on each panda
multiple times a day pretty much after
every feed
so when you count them all up that's a
lot of toilet training
[Music]